[Blackpink House]
[Pink House in the middle of Seoul]
Pink tiles!
[A fairytale-like house that unfolds
as the pink doors open]
It's the house of my dreams!
All day in the pink.
[Who are they?]
[The girls who are pretty like pink]
Welcome to Blackpink House.
[BLACKPINK]
[I dare say pink is the prettiest color]
[They're not just pretty]
[Trainee duration of four to six years]
[With the visuals,
and the skills as a foundation]
[The first YG girl group to have debuted
since 2NE1 seven years ago]
[Majority of music videos have millions of views]
[Unbeatable global stars]
[Skilled girl group that won various awards
from their debut]
[When will BLACKPINK have a reality show?]
[Please air BLACKPINK TV.]
[BLACKPINK TV!]
[I miss BLACKPINK.]
[Jennie, Jisoo, Lisa, Rosé, come out!]
[Where can we meet them?]
[Finally, the hidden YG treasure chest
is opening!]
BLINK! Wait!
[D-7 Moving into Blackpink House]
[Tada]
[First time showing BLACKPINK's dormitory!]
[Come Back Home]
[Done with today's schedules]
It's a camera.
No!
I don't want to go in.
[It's your dormitory.
Why can't you go in...]
No, I don't want to go in.
Hold on.
I'm scared.
How many cameras do you think there are?
How many do you think?
Should we really go in?
[Careful]
Rosé! There's a camera in your room!
I'm back in my room.
[Rosé's Room]
My room has been exposed!
[Jisoo's room is next to Rosé's]
[Jisoo's Room]
There's a mini-camera, too!
[Reality newborns fascinated by the cameras]
It shows my whole room.
It shows my entire room.
[Film me, too]
[Cute] [Jisoo's dog, "Dalgom"]
[Lovely]
[Jennie's dog, "Kuma"]
[Awkward]
The dormitory feels unfamiliar.
[She's enjoying this situation]
[Lisa's Room]
[Camera]
What's up! What's up!
You can't really see me.
[Kind]
[Long-legged Lisa posing for the camera]
[Jennie's Room]
Oh my gosh.
[Mental breakdown]
Here, too...
[Awkward] [Is this real?]
It has started.
[Let's let Jennie adjust...]
I think it started.
[On the other hand,
Rosé has picked up the camera]
I really really...
[She's totally adjusted to the cameras]
[Rosé can't contain her energy...]
I actually don't know it.
[Energetic]
[But still end it right]
[Say hello to all of the cameras]
[An hour later]
[Jisoo's Room]
[What are you doing?] No, no!
[Really serious]
[One, two]
[Exercising her fingers]
[My mom is sleeping...]
[Jennie is sleeping well]
[Time is passing like this...]
[No audio]
[Let's take a short break...]
We hate being in the dormitory.
We just stay in our own rooms.
[Nods] It's been over five years
since we've lived together,
so we used to play games when
we were trainees.
Honestly, now...
[What we really want is...]
[What is she going to say?]
[Nervous]
Honestly, now...
we need a lot of alone time.
That's right.
Because of that, when we don't have schedules, we relieve stress on our own.
[BLACKPINK needs to be refreshed]
[A gift to the exhausted BLACKPINK...]
[Last August at YG headquarters]
[I'm the boss, YG]
[Gulp]
[Nervous about meeting the CEO]
How long have you been with us, Jennie?
- Now... seven, eight years.
- Seven years.
You were a trainee for six years, right?
[Nervous]
Who came in next? Lisa.
[CEO Yang suddenly asks about trainee duration]
- Five years for me.
- Five years.
What about you?
- Five years for me, too.
- I was a trainee for four years.
I see.
You always work hard anyway.
I heard everything that you want.
[What did we say again...]
An idea that I had from before is...
Since you're BLACKPINK,
I wanted to let you guys live
in a princess-like house that's pink.
- Really?
- No way!
[What will this pink princess-like house look like?]
Princess?
[New dormitory that was birthed
after months of construction]
It's the house of my dreams!
[Wish]
[The time BLACKPINK dreamed of]
It's Hongdae! Hongdae!
[The CEO's gift to BLACKPINK
for their hard work]
[VACATION]
It's fun!
Cute.
[So excited]
[In the pink pink, Blackpink House]
[The story of their happy 100-day break]
[Chapter 1] [#100cation]
[#DoWhatYouWant #EnterBLACKPINKHOUSE]
[Blackpink House]
[#BLACKPINK #REALITY]
[D-7 Moving into Blackpink House]
Everyone!
It's 2pm.
Stop sleeping!
Pack your things!
[Lisa's mission to wake up the members]
[Part 1. Jisoo]
I want to sleep with you.
[Desperate] - No!
- She's playing games again!
[She seems like an expert]
[Quick with her fingers]
She always plays games like this.
So I always say something to her.
I tell her to stop.
[Fights] Why do you tell me to stop?
It's my choice to play games.
- You're doing such useless things.
- What?
[Are you challenging the gamer?]
I'll give you a warning.
Don't ever say it's useless again, okay?
Don't ever say it's useless again.
Say that it's useful.
It's useless!
[Lisa's mission to wake up the members]
[Part 2. Rosé] Rosé!
[Imitates CEO Yang] - Hello.
- Yes, hi.
- What are you doing?
- I was practicing singing.
I'll sing a song for you.
[Rosé's energy...
We acknowledge it]
[Ha... I shouldn't come... to this room...]
This is so heavy.
[A mysterious being has entered Jennie's room while she's sleeping]
[Lisa's mission to wake up the members]
[Part 3. Jennie]
[Tries to wake up Jennie
using her long arms]
[No response]
We have to go now.
We have to pack and go.
No...
[Long-legged being's second attempt
to wake her up]
I'm so sleepy.
[Let's sleep in the new house]
[Blank...]
[You look beautiful even after a nap]
I slept.
BL-morning!
[Energy fully charged!]
I slept well!
[Let's pack up!]
- Let's pack up! - We're moving now.
To Blackpink House.
I'm really looking forward to it.
I'm really bad at packing.
[What will Jisoo take in her carrier?]
I want to only bring training wear.
[Endless love for her sportswear]
Athletic wear~
I want to take all of my athletic wear.
[I love athletic wear]
I'm only going to wear athletic wear.
[Don't forget that you're the team's visual]
It's cold now.
[Random song]
We can't be cold!
- If you are cold, we catch a cold!
- We catch it!
[Climax]
If you catch a cold, you'll be sick~
[Kind Rosé plays along]
You'll be sick!
- We can't be cold.
- We can't be!
- Did you get a flu shot?
- Not yet!
You have to get it!
- Did you get it?
- No.
- Then what should we do?
- I like the flu.
[Can't understand the four-dimensional Jisoo]
[Is Lisa packing well?]
[So big, the doll would fill up the carrier!]
There's a huge bunny!
[What's essential?]
When we move to the Blackpink House,
I think we need to bring this.
Things to eat.
They're all snacks.
Oh, this!
I should show this.
King Bob! I really like it.
[Long-legged Lisa's snacks and toys]
Stitch!
In Stitch's mouth...
[Lisa's cute friends!]
[Take us, too!]
[Look at fashionista Jennie's carrier]
Off the shoulder.
[Curious! Open Jennie's closet]
This is off the shoulder, too.
[Off the shoulder-holic]
[#Jennie'sFavorite #OfftheShoulder]
[#RightAngleShoulders #Wannabe #Goddess]
Yes, I really like off the shoulder tops.
This is a Michael Jackson hoodie that I cherish.
I spent my trainee days with this hoodie.
As you can see,
all of my clothes are black.
We're BLACKPINK because of me.
[The name, BLACKPINK, came from Jennie!]
I only wear black clothes.
[All Day In Black]
[Then the PINK of BLACKPINK...!]
The most important point is that it's pink!
Baby pink!
Baby pink is the prettiest pink.
[Pink princess, Rosé]
It's not hot pink. Baby pink!
This pink is pretty.
[Here's Rosé's taste!]
These are really cute.
[Winter-use] [Summer-use]
I have two of these.
[What's Rosé's next item?]
[Pink silk pajamas she hasn't worn yet]
Look at this. It's silk!
Isn't it cute?
All four of us received
the same pajamas from our fans.
This is really important.
Pajamas...
[Picked all of Rose's things
to bring to Blackpink House]
I've realized that packing
[So tired]
is not easy.
Then let's put you in.
[Reenergize with playing around!]
- Good, good! - Hurry up and take it!
It's really pretty!
[#MustTake #Youngest #Lisa]
"Don't touch!"
Something like that.
[After BLACKPINK
puts in their precious belongings,]
[and tape the boxes,]
I'm looking forward to the new house,
[they're done with packing!]
but packing is so tiring.
- Do you want to hear something scary?
- Why?
This is the start.
You scared me.
[Is there a room for me, too?]
[Moving Day]
[D-Day]
Kuma, are you ready?
Is it D-Day?
[Energetic]
Are you ready!
[Move to the new dormitory!]
It's this way!
- What?
- We used to come here a lot!
Hold on, hold on. I'm so nervous.
[Shaking] [Dalgom is nervous, too]
Dalgom is unable to relax.
[Hot place]
[Is the dormitory in the youthful, Hongdae?]
Where is it?
[Curious]
Do we just go straight?
This is in the middle of Hongdae!
[No way]
[The new dormitory is on this main street?]
[The members look for
the new dormitory excitedly]
[BLACKPINK is moving!]
[Looks around]
That scared me.
Is it here?
No way. Is it here?
What is this?
It's a forest!
- This is it, right?
- This is a house?
- What is this?
"Alice in Wonderland"...
It really looks like "Alice in Wonderland".
- Let's go in.
- Do we go in?
- Do we really go in?
- Let's go. x3
[Hearts pounding]
[A forest inside, too?]
I got goosebumps. No way!
I really got goosebumps!
Look at this!
Oh my gosh!
[The pink doors open]
[At the end of the pretty stone steps...]
[Welcome to Blackpink House]
Pink tiles!
[It's inevitably Blackpink House]
This place is amazing.
- We can even eat here.
- It's really great.
The weather is perfect right now.
Or else, it'd get too cold.
[Girly vibes]
[A space for BLACKPINK]
[A crystal house with
warm, natural light]
[A space with cute chatter]
It's really great.
Hold on. Where do we go in?
Is this where you go in?
[Knock] [Finally, into the house!]
Do we keep our shoes on? What's this?
It's glass!
There's our photo!
Did you see it?
Yeah, I saw it.
[BLACKPINK]
[Homeowner's photo at the entrance!]
[Pink Pink!]
[A kitchen filled with cute decor]
[Cozy]
[Warm living room filled with sunlight]
[Lighting that adds to the coziness]
[BLACKPINK is pretty, like its owners]
- There's our photo! Did you see it?
- Yeah, I saw it. Our photo.
Mirror!
[Even a full-body mirror that girls dream of!]
This is the photo zone. Photo zone!
No way!
Look at them!
They're walking around like it's their house.
Dalgom, go on a diet while you're here.
You're so heavy.
Go on a diet.
No way!
[Who welcomed BLACKPINK gladly?]
[The refrigerator]
- No way!
- Look! Welcome to Blackpink House!
[Welcome, BLACKPINK!]
What is this? No way!
[Cute kitchen decor]
[Even appliances that make you want to cook!]
[The perfect kitchen that
everyone has dreamt of at least once]
The kitchen is no joke.
I like big kitchen.
My dad is a chef, so...
Though I can't cook,
I really like it.
Oh my gosh!
I really wanted to have this!
[Rosé's dream kitchen]
Sofa!
[Rosé, take a breath]
Finally! There's somewhere to rest my legs
on the sofa!
I like this the most!
This is the best!
[What don't you like, Rosé...]
It's nice here. I like this the most.
[Saved in Rosé's heart] [Windowsill with sunlight]
It feels like we came to play.
But what's even better is that we're living here,
which makes me excited.
What's that?
It's on top, too.
[Hi, camera!]
To film us making stuff...
[Again]
[Eye contact with the camera]
[But there are too many...]
Where were you trying to go?
Come here.
[Wow] [Time to look upstairs]
Let's go! x4
I like this! Window.
[The pink rooftops shows
once you go upstairs]
[The second floor living room is open]
[A PC room for Jisoo,
who loves games]
[A personal space for the members]
Oh my! I really like it here!
Hello.
[To their taste]
[Squeals come out automatically]
[Dreamlike space]
It's the house of my dreams.
No way!
[It's so awesome]
I want to sleep here today.
All-Day In The Pink.
No way!
It's really cute.
[Pink Zone that can be seen,
day or night]
[You didn't know, right?]
[The hidden secret space]
- This must be a room.
- Is this a room?
Hold on! x2
Should we open it?
One, two, three!
It's cute!
[PRIVATE ROOM]
[Soft and cozy bedroom]
[Diving into the bed!]
It's a bed!
Everything was pink and cozy.
There were curtains, too.
Thank you, CEO!
[I love you]
[Heart]
[I like it, too, CEO!]
I'm ready to live here.
[Hold on]
[How will they pair off into roommates
in Blackpink House?]
[How will the roommates be chosen
We...
[How do we pick...]
We don't have a leader.
We're all very indecisive.
Is there anything more intense?
- Hide-and-seek?
- Hide-and-seek sounds fun!
[I have a good idea!]
Let's have Lisa talk first.
Start!
Let's play Rock-paper-scissors.
- Rock-paper-scissors.
- The first and second place pick rooms first.
A person goes in and picks the rooms!
[Eureka!]
[Pick the rooms based on the order of who
wins at Rock-paper-scissors]
[An intense game]
Rock-paper-scissors!
- What should we do?
- Rock-paper-scissors!
[#1 Jisoo, #2 Lisa]
I'm picking first. What about you guys?
Rock-paper-scissors!
[#3 Rosé, #4 Jennie] - I won?
- Then I go in last?
[Jisoo picks her room first!]
I'll go first.
- Yes.
- Go ahead!
[Which room should I go into...]
[Looks here and there]
I didn't see the rooms clearly.
[To the room on the right]
Over there! x2
[Another turn]
[Jisoo picked the room on the left]
[This is fun]
[Camera... keep it a secret]
[Lisa picks her room second]
Jisoo! Jisoo!
Jisoo!
Where are you?
Jisoo?
[At this point, she's obsessed with Jisoo]
Jisoo!
[Giggle]
[Looking for Jisoo]
[Which room did Lisa choose?]
[I found Jisoo]
[Picks the room on the left!]
[Why did you come in!]
What if all of them come here?
- Then we have to play another game.
- What? I don't know.
[The room on the left is full]
[Jisoo & Lisa]
[Third is Rosé]
[Goes for it while nervously singing]
I'm nervous~
I'm nervous...
[Flap]
Excuse me?
[The biggest decision
Rosé has to make in 21 years]
I really don't know!
[Spins]
[Feels like choosing rooms is spinning out of control]
Ah!
I'm dizzy.
I think I have to go in there.
I'm going in!
I feel like they're all in here.
[Curious]
How do I open this?
[Rosé has finished choosing her room!]
[Lastly, here comes Jennie]
[Sings her own BGM]
[No thinking]
I made up my mind from the beginning.
[What's straightforward Jennie's choice?]
Bye!
Is there no one in here?
[Nice to see you, Jennie...]
[It's over!]
Why? Why?
[Does this mean Rosé has her own room?]
[Unexpected 3:1 situation]
- Come out, guys. - Come out.
- I went in there thinking everyone would be in there. - Really?
First of all, I think I really like sunlight.
Is there a member that likes sunlight?
[Only I like it]
I especially like it.
[The room on the right is filled with sunlight]
[Which member will be Rosé's roommate?]
Hold on! Then...
how do we pick this?
Let's make a ladder like this.
- Just three.
- Three lines?
[Putting in energy?]
Let's go, Rosé!
It's my first time sharing
a room with Rosé!
- Right? It's your first time with me, right?
- Welcome!
We've never shared
a room with just the two of us.
I've wanted to share a room (with Rosé).
- How do we open this?
- CEO's hat!
[Lisa wants to be CEO Yang]
The CEO's hat!
Socks...
Food... Next to my bed.
- Then it's next to my bed.
- Okay.
[Giggle]
It's really cute!
[VLIVE Ver] JTBC2 E01 Blackpink House
-= Ruo Xi =-
[Great job moving]
[One afternoon where laughter doesn't stop]
[BLACKPINK is going out]
- Okay, let's go. - Let's go.
- Let's go. Move, move.
- Be careful here.
I don't know where but let's go.
[Where are they going right after they moved?]
- Jisoo, go with your oppa. - What is this?
Jisoo, ride my car.
[30 minutes earlier]
Should we go buy it now?
[Should we go buy blanket covers?]
Blanket covers?
[Need to shop]
[Blankets look naked]
- I think we need more cushions, too...
- Yes.
[Strangely, people want to go shopping
every time they move...]
[Buy me blankets, too]
Okay! Let's go.
[BLACKPINK's shopping destination...]
Let's go.
[Near their house] [Hot place!]
["M" living shop]
Let's go! Okay.
[Reply?]
1994. This was here even before we were born.
[Wow]
[So cute] [Exclamations from the entrance]
- This is cute. - Cute.
Cute!
[Mine x4] - Yes, this is cute.
- Something like this. - This.
[A fabric flagship store
that welcomes you with a cute couch]
[Of course, they have fabric with various patterns]
[Second floor is filled with sensible sleeping gear]
[What are the items that BLACKPINK will pick?]
[Shopping with the roommates!]
You go around with Jennie
and I will go with Rosé...
Since we're sharing rooms like this.
[Okay, agreed!]
- What is this? - You pick all of it.
[Roommates link arms and start shopping]
Our couch is green.
- I think this would fit well.
- You pick all of it.
- How do you do this?
- No that, this...
- I have the card!
- There's a second floor, too.
[Right! This building was two stories!]
Let's go to the second floor and come back.
Let's go look at the second floor.
[Pressured]
Do we need to be like that, too?
This was a competition?
I don't know.
[I don't know]
Let's do better.
[High-frequency scream]
[Jennie & Lisa arrived first]
Hurry up and go.
[In a hurry. Move! Move!]
[Jennie & Lisa are instigating a competition]
- Wow! Cute.
- Wait a minute.
Wow! Rabbit.
Rabbit.
[Destroying the innocence of childhood]
But rabbits are kind of gross.
[Sad... Why... I like rabbits...]
I... This one for me!
This one! x3
Warm one.
[Jennie's style] [A simple solid color blanket]
I need this.
[Lisa's style]
[Rabbit pattern filled with cuteness]
[I can only see you with my eyes]
Wow, a rabbit!
[Fell in love with the rabbit pattern from the start]
[Hi Lisa]
It's a rabbit thing.
[Rabbit's touch that is luring her]
- Wow, cute! - Rabbit pouch!
- It's cute. - Yellow.
[There was another person
who was a fan of cute things...]
[Starting to get scary]
But the rabbit is cute, too!
Pink!
Pink. x2
The pink one is pretty.
[Pink lover, Rosé, has no other priority]
I want to do pink.
[Pink alert]
Feels good.
[Come to think of it, Jisoo didn't pick...]
You're not going to pick?
- Me?
- You said it doesn't fit? - Yes.
[Fabric? Interior? Cushion? Blanket? Hmm?]
[Not interested at all in shopping]
Our couch is green.
- I think this would fit well.
- You pick all of it.
Then, this...
[I don't know interior...]
I don't know. We will show you for the first time.
[Saying anything]
Purple, look at the color purple...
These are all pillow covers?
- What do we do...
- What? x3
[Confession] - I have a hard time with this.
I'm tired. - Okay, okay.
[Tired, tired]
Good, I'll do this one. I'm too lazy to pick.
[Jisoo's style]
Oh, heaven help me.
Why do you give me this hardship?
Why? Why?
[Forget shopping. I'm going to go home!]
Oh, I'm tired.
[Let's go]
Finished. We just need to organize it.
I'm so tired. That was so tiring.
[Jisoo says shopping was hard for her...]
It was a painful time.
[Anyway, shopping for bedding is finished!]
[Time to pay for the things they each picked!]
[How much did it come out to?]
[Nervous?]
- How much is it?
- We didn't pay for it yet.
700...
[Hmm? How much...?]
[Clearly]
730,000 won.
[WHAT?!]
[Since there are four people,
the money is times four...]
- Not just... - No way.
[What did we buy so much of...]
[Acting cute all of a sudden]
Are you giving us a discount?
[Give us a discount... please]
- This much... - We're buying everything.
[Heart racing smile]
[Shows the first level of aegyo!]
Your see-through bangs are pretty.
[Sweet compliment mode!]
- Jennie, dance. - Dance.
[Should I dance? Dance! Dance!]
Dance here all of a sudden?
[Time for dancing Lisa to take charge]
No, look over there.
[You can tell Lisa feels urgent]
No, like this. "Oppa."
[Putting her earnestness in the rhythm]
[Jennie's detailed coaching]
Oppa!
Please give us a discount.
[Yes? Me? Filled with teeth]
[Turns on the third level, soul dance!]
Please give us a discount.
[This embarrassment... Let's be together!]
[Cute] [Hehehe]
If you bring a pouch,
we'll give it to you for free.
If we bring a pouch,
they will give each of us one for free.
- What? - If we bring a pouch,
they're going to give each of us one for free.
[BLACKPINK is carefully picking pouches]
No. x2 What pouch?
Thank you.
[Shy finger heart as a bonus]
[Self-congratulatory dance]
- Discount. - It wasn't just a discount.
- Next thing with this...
- That was Lisa's innermost feeling.
[Comeback to Blackpink House full of bags!]
Kuma, mom's back.
You're holding two.
Give me one.
[Heavy hands but a light heart...]
- Oh, it's so heavy. Heavy! - Let's go, let's go.
We bought blankets.
Ku, Ku.
I think it's too heavy.
[Mode of a dog mom]
Kuma, mom's back!
- Why did it get dirty?
- Kuma, go to the room. - Room. x2
[Kuma finds mom's room]
Kuma knows where the room is.
[First, equip the new pad on top of the bed!]
- I think putting in the blanket will be hard.
- Yes, the blanket...
[Lastly, we need to change the blanket covers...]
Then.
- Do this...
- I have to go inside...
[Because she loves rabbits...]
[Is she trying to be a rabbit...?]
Isn't this what you're supposed to do?
This went inside.
[Strange]
There should be something here to tie it.
[Fuss and kerfuffle putting on one blanket cover]
- I'm finished. - How did you do it?
How did you do it all?
[Will she be able to do it by today...]
[Who said you two weren't friends...]
No, I think the blanket came to the side.
- I will go inside.
- It's short.
[Putting in the blanket in the same way]
This is this side.
You look like Harry Potter right now.
[Visual that went to Hogwarts]
- Dement... What is it? - Dementor.
[Go away, dementor! Expecto Patronum!]
You're scary right now.
- Rosé's scary. I want to take a picture.
- I did it.
[How did BLACKPINK's rooms change?]
I'm doing it.
[Before]
[Jisoo & Rosé's Room]
[After]
[Before]
[Jennie & Lisa's Room]
[After]
[After the round of organizing their rooms]
[Ack! Blackpink House became noisy!]
No, no, no. Wait! Wait!
[What happened to the members? Huh? Spoon?]
Spoon! We need to scoop it out with a spoon.
[Cook... Cooking? Suddenly...?]
[Working hard x4]
[BLACKPINK looks very sincere]
Wow, that was close.
[One hour earlier]
In my past house,
I always gave out rice cake whenever I moved.
[Rice cake...? Move...?]
We gave out rice cake back then.
[Thinking about how to greet the neighbors]
When you move, give out...
You normally give out rice cake
when you move.
- Rice cake when you move?
- Yes, give out rice cake.
- Steamed rice cake!
- Steamed rice cake is right? - Yes.
We're going to give out rice cakes?
[Face up to the reality]
I don't think we can make rice cakes.
- So, we're going to give out macarons.
- Macarons? - Yes.
[Jennie, really?]
Really? Do you know how to make them?
Normally, when you move to a new house,
you give out rice cake.
Let's give out something
that's more current.
[Project of saying hello to their neighbors started]
- We need to all be nervous. - Jennie! Jennie!
[Making macarons]
- What is this? - It's so pretty.
[Mom's cooking?]
You're not a police officer or anything...
[This person's already in the mode of the scene]
Chef!
[Rosé, are you ready?] - If I clap twice like this...
- Wait a minute, it's not bright.
[Put on an apron in a lovely way]
How do I look?
Do I seem like a chef?
[Feels like the legend of chefs, Gordon Ramsay]
You're Gordon Ramsay right now.
Change my name.
[Good]
Jendeuk Ramsay.
- Jendeuk!
- I'm Jendeuk Ramsay from now on.
[Today's Chef]
[Jendeuk Ramsay]
Let's make macarons.
[Let's do it] [Jendeuk Ramsay and kids]
Okay, okay. Let's do it.
[Disciplined] - Okay. I will do the first step.
- Yes, chef!
[Focused] [Nervous]
This is almond powder.
[Saying anything] - Almond powder?
- Baby?
[Accepts]
It's our baby. Baby.
Almond powder and
[Almond powder + sugar powder]
sugar powder.
[Saying anything 2] - I think it's sugar powder.
- Bundang is far.
Yes, it takes about an hour to go to Bundang
from Seoul. This is bundang.
So, we're going to put it through a sieve.
[Mix the two and put it through a sieve]
She is our cameraman.
- Through a sieve.
- What's a sieve?
[Saying anything 3]
Hit Rosé.
[Stop now. Chef is warning her with her eyes]
- Ignore. - Ignore?
[Jisoo, stop now]
[Jisoo... Stop... Kuma...]
- We need another bowl.
We need a bowl.
- Do we need a cool bowl?
- We need a big bowl. - Or a bowl...
We have another bowl.
[Unfamiliar with the kitchen still]
[Rosé is being a great sous chef]
- This one. This one. - You found it?
- This one?
- Okay, come here.
We're going to put the almond
powder through a sieve.
How do you sieve it?
This... Oh, like this.
You're supposed to mix it with your hand.
- We don't have gloves.
- It's snowing. Snow!
[While Jisoo is sieving the powder]
[Jennie rolls up her sleeves to make meringue!]
We need to make the meringue.
[Delayed saying anything]
Meringue!
[No one can stop Jisoo]
[Meringue] [Whipping egg whites and sugar]
We can't use the yolk but only the egg whites.
We need to do this...
She's really good.
[Only the egg whites, like this!]
- I washed my hands.
- Oh no! Oh no.
[Jendeuk Ramsay's skill of separating
the yolk!] I need to do four.
[Responsible for reactions today]
You're really good.
[This is nothing]
[An expert]
Oh no!
[A mistake as soon as she got a compliment...]
- Oh no! - No, no, no. Wait, wait!
[Sous chef goes to the chef]
Emergency! Emergency!
[Emergency! Yolk can't go in]
Spoon! Spoon!
- We need to scoop it out with a spoon. - We did.
- There's one more.
[One splash, two splash]
[Inspiration that came to mind!]
- Good, good. - I made a name for the macarons.
BLACKPINK's hand macarons.
Like handmade dumplings...
[Rosé adds on] - Taste you can't make
with a machine! - Good, good.
Now with the egg whites,
we're going to make meringue.
You are in charge of meringue.
[Jennie puts sous chef in charge of meringue]
I'm nervous.
[I need to make the meringue?]
Me? I do this?
- Can I do a good job?
- You make the meringue here.
I didn't know that you would
give me this responsibility.
[Chef Jennie is ordering the members]
And Lisa, you...
While Rosé is making the meringue,
- you need to add the food coloring
slowly in three turns. - Slowly?
[Checking the details] [Sugar + food coloring]
Don't put it all in at once.
- If I started, but I'm bad...
- No, as long as it doesn't splatter.
Do it like this?
[Getting nervous, too]
You need to turn up the speed.
[Start of whipping meringue!]
- That much. - You're good.
You're good.
Wow, it's riding a wave.
[While Rosé is whipping]
The color is changing.
[Lisa adds the sugar she mixed!]
Keep on adding the sugar slowly.
[Meringue is finally showing color]
You're doing well.
[So proud]
I kept such a great sous chef.
[Under the chef's orders,
members fulfill their duties]
[First baking is going smoothly]
Wow, look at the color!
[Meringue is turning into a dark, pretty color]
The color is really pretty!
You're good!
[Rosé, we compliment you]
Rosé, you're amazing.
[If the meringue looks like a horn, it's a success]
- Good. Good!
I think it's perfect.
Next, we need to split up the meringue
and mix it in here.
- It's really pretty.
- It feels like we're putting on cement.
Pink and white.
Mix the meringue. Mix. x2
The color is really pretty.
[High maintenance member]
What is this?
What did you get on you?
Wait a minute, flex.
[The love, Jennie and Jisoo]
Back hug!
[Oh my gosh!]
[Bitter]
I can't believe I achieved my dream with you.
It's an honor.
Naturally, like this...
- Wow!
- This much is good.
[Finally, the macaron batter is done!]
Good, nice!
[So beautiful]
- I'm going.
- Rosé, do this, too.
Okay. x5
[Focused]
[Got it in one try without any mistakes!]
[15 mins]
- Are they finished?
- Yes.
[Enters the cooked macarons after 15 minutes!]
[Half chocolate and half strawberry]
What? This is totally two-tone.
Two-tone macarons.
BLACKPINK's taste, two-tone macarons.
[BLACKPINK]
[Two-tone macarons]
[Black & Pink]
[Strawberry & Choco]
[Two tastes]
[Wrapped up the macarons!
Finished with the preparations!]
Now, we can go give them out.
[Go! Go! To give out macarons on moving day]
[Blackpink House in the evening]
[It looks more romantic at night]
- Are you ready?
- I'm ready!
- Instead of giving rice cake
to our neighbors,  - Rice cake!
[Macaroons as a new neighbor gift]
we're going to give macaroons.
Let's give out macaroons!
Don't give in!
[Automatically making puns]
It's cold. Very cold.
- It's been a while since we went
around the Hongdae street. - Right.
- Really. - A bit nervous.
- The house is so pretty!
[Hongdae street!]
It's hard for us to go around the area.
[Cold but excited]
- Cold. - Cold.
[After leaving the fairy tale-like
Blackpink House]
[they can go to
the bustling Hongdae street]
[Wearing trendy long padded coats]
[BLACKPINK is in Hongdae area]
[Yay]
We're now walking on the Hongdae street!
- This is the street, huh?
- Here?
[People gathered up to see them]
Hongdae!
Pretty!
[Li-Chu are getting excited]
[So excited!]
Hongdae! We're in Hongdae area!
[Embarrassed]
She's so excited.
[Running so fast]
[Why are they so excited?]
[What's the reason?]
Why are they so excited?
[Excited girls, I can’t control my heart!]
[Sorry, they are too excited]
- Sorry. - Sorry.
[First neighbor
#Cafe_in front of_Blackpink House]
This is the cafe I wanted to visit.
- Hello.
We just moved into the neighborhood.
[Next door?]
- We moved in to the next house.
- The next next next house.
[BLACKPINK is in my neighborhood?]
- We just moved in. - The next house.
- Next next next house.
[BLACKPINK is giving macaroons]
We made these macaroons.
- We're now neighbors.
- Neighbors.
[Nice to see you]
- Close to this cafe.
- Nice to see you.
See you around.
[Next neighbor:
BLACKPINK's favorite place]
Hello.
- Hello.
- He's not here.
[We just moved in]
We moved into the neighborhood]
[BLACKPINK's favorite cafe]
We're regular customers to this cafe.
- Thank you.
- We're regulars to here.
- I've seen you a lot.
- We walked a bit to come by.
We'll visit this cafe more often.
Nice to see you.
- Nice to see you.
- See you around.
[Moving to the next neighbor]
This cafe is well-located.
Close to the parking lot.
Shouldn't we visit the
"Samgeori Butcher's?"
[We must drop by that place]
We need to visit the restaurant.
[Otherwise...]
The CEO will be mad at us!
[The server is leading them
to their regular table]
We just moved to a new home.
- Give this.
- As we came here so frequently...
[I'll give a lot more
to our favorite restaurant]
It's a new neighbor gift.
- Thanks.  - I gave you
some more since we're regulars.
- Thanks. - We'll visit more
frequently. - Three. - Three.
[Generously giving macaroons]
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Share them with others.
[Where to go?]
Stop!
Hurry up.
- Why don't the police know?
[Pour out your oil!]
[What's this song?]
[Let's enjoy the song]
[Pour out your oil in my burning heart]
[Kiss him will I diss him
I don't know but I miss him]
[This is past addiction,
this love is crack]
[The color of my heart is black]
[They're so cute! One more time]
[What's this song version]
[Cutie version of "Playing With Fire"
Thanks to the coldness]
[Oh, so cold]
- Do you like it?
- Yes.
- How does it feel?
- So cool.
- Do you like it?
- Hongdae street is so cool.
As we're walking around freely,
it reminds me of when we were trainees.
It was so much fun
when I was a trainee.
It was so much fun.
It felt like time travel.
[Q: When was your last time
you walked around freely?]
Walking freely on the street...
I can't remember.
I guess it was several years ago.
[Zero free time, being accompanied
by managers all the time]
Almost all the time...
- Do you have to go out with managers?
- Yes. - Yes.
Let's have ramen!
[Looking for a special ramen place]
Where's the path?
- I don't know.
- Oh, this place!
- Hungry!
- It looks so yum!
Hello.
- Please give this to Seungri.
- I see.
[The next neighbor is BIGBANG
Seungri's ramen restaurant!]
[Seungri, we're now your neighbors!]
Thank you.
[Giving the macaroons]
We made these macaroons.
- Thank you. - With this.
- New neighbor gift instead of rice cake.
[Taking seats]
OK.
It's so much fun. We're walking
around in the Hongdae area.
[BLACKPINK went around the Hongdae
area filled with their favorite places]
It looks yum.
- Hungry.
- Let's order fast.
[A video call from Seungri]
Please take this call.
[From Seungri]
Hey!
[To show Seungri's face]
- Show it to the camera.
- The other way around.
- There are so many customers...
- Where are you now?
[BLACKPINK in the area!]
Right.
[A great entertainer]
[Life of the party]
Why do you have so many cameras?
What's this?
[We're shooting a reality show]
- For a reality show.
- Titled "Blackpink House".
- Really?
- Yes.
- Lisa, please say something.
- Yes!
Lisa, say something.
You need to talk a lot on a reality show!
Yes, I see.
Jenny, don't try to be so nice.
Sorry? What do you mean?
Hey, we can't hear you.
It's breaking up.
- I'm in Shanghai.
- Really?
[Showing a macaroon to Seungri]
We'll leave this. Please enjoy.
- Enjoy ramen there!
- Congratulations, Seungri.
[Congratulations for
being a neighbor of BLACKPINK]
- Congrats. - Thanks for ramen.
BLACKPINK, way to go!
- Thank you.
- Thank you so much!
[Trying to get more footage]
[Seungri is acting so cute]
[Bye]
- Bye. - Bye!
[Ramen is served right
after the call was over]
- Whose is this?
- 34-1.
- Bon appetite.
[Ramen dishes look so wonderful]
They look so yum!
The egg is on ramen, like this.
[The first meal in the neighborhood]
[Yummy]
[Yum]
[Slurping]
Isn't it our first time to
show everything on TV?
- The very first time.
- Sure, it is. - It's hilarious.
[First outing without masks
after their debut]
It's fun to go around without masks.
- Right.
- We tried not to show our faces.
We like to go to the Hongdae area.
But we always wear masks.
I loved that. We didn't wear masks
after awhile since our debut.
[Feeling different from when
we were trainees]
It felt different from when
we were trainees. It was fun.
[First night in the Blackpink House]
[The darkness has fallen]
It was a tough day.
[Tired... The first night
after moving in]
Four of us are on screen.
[After a long day of moving in...
Time to go to bed]
Good night!
- Good night! - Good night.
- Good night.
- Want me to close the door?
- Good night!
Sleep tight!
[We thought the day of BLACKPINK]
- We'll fall asleep soon. Too tired.
- Right.
[Was over like that]
Good night!
[Yo!]
Members in the next room!
[Right, they won't sleep right away]
[Who woke others up?]
[Who is that one?]
[I'm Lisa]
Did I wake up?
Aren't you sleepy?
[Bold Lisa]
Everyone.
A night has come to our Blackpink House.
[I don't want to sleep]
Did they fall asleep?
[Talking with the camera]
Not yet?
Lisa is trying to talk with the camera]
[Jumping into the bed!]
- It's not soft as we expected.
- Again, again!
[Beagle-like Lisa]
[The camera is following Rose]
[Instinct to strike a pose]
Camera, you're working so hard.
- May I turn this off?
- You're working so hard.
[Peek-a-boo!]
[Still talking to the camera]
I'm going to sleep. Will you?
[Good night~
Chu-Chaeng still want to talk to the cam]
[A lot to catch up] [Jenny & Lisa's room]
- First time to share a room after
we slept on a bunk bed! - Right!
I hope I can sleep well
while sharing a room with Lisa.
It's going to be like...
Lisa will be on me when I wake up.
[Zombie Lisa]
Itchy!
[Like this?]
I feel like that.
I brought Nini.
Hi, what's your name?
What's up? My name is Nini.
What's up, Nini. You look cool, man!
Emergency lip balm zone.
- You have three? - Yes.
- Do you need 3 lip balms?
[Re-enacting the scene]
It's dry! Too dry!
OK.
[Lisa, the youngest member
who likes to hang out with Jenny]
I hope BLINK likes this.
I'm sure they'll love it!
I'll be a spy of BLINK
to show how Lisa sleeps...
[Scared]
[Moving her toes]
Hey!
I am so happy as I'm with you.
Out of the blue!
- We're going to live in this house.
- Yes.
For 100 days!
[Wow]
More excitingly!
Do your the slamming sound
from the next door?
It's a long day.
Look, Chaeyoung is there.
Chaeyoung is my roommate.
BLINK!
BLINK, everyone.
[Suddenly showing Jisoo]
Everyone, I'll turn off the light.
Bye!
I can see things vaguely.
Oh, this looks so pretty.
- I love this place.
- Our room is so pretty.
[Time for Jenny & Lisa to go to bed]
- Please turn the light off. - OK.
[Everyone, good night]
- Good night! - Sleep tight!
I love this place.
- Good night!
- Good night.
[Blackpink House]
We're going to see you today.
[BLACKPINK's surprise fan meeting!]
100 fans, first-come-first-served!
We're going to see our fans at
the Sangam Water Light Culture Park.
[We prepared hand-made sandwich!]
I hope fans will love this.
We need to make it for BLINK.
It feels like everything is going well.
I hope BLINK will enjoy this.
[Planning the fan meeting]
Shall we do what we did on
our first anniversary?
- Let's take pictures.
- Polaroid pics.
- Good. Let's go.
- Let's go!
Hey!
It's snowing outside!
[It's sleeting outside]
It's raining.
[Can we hold the fan meeting well?]
Is it raining?
[How will their fan meeting go?]
It's going to be cold.
Fans are waiting outside.
What should we do?